Business: Born to serve 
tagline of compamy: one passion,rise of great nation
registration no 2050

About Us
This is a social service group of voluntary youngsters who have taken it up to drive home a point in being helpful to the society.

The Origin of Born To Serve
Most of the children in rural areas are stopping their education at some point due to many reasons. Some of them never went to school at all. The main problem is due to lack of awareness among them and their parents. The second problem is due to lack of knowledge, what to do after the completion of education?

A group is formed and decided to create awareness about the Education among the society and teach them how it would be helpful in different ways. They took up activities which would teach the importance of education, create awareness among the children and their parents, and what all the opportunities available at all the points of education.

The Group initially started with the Village Knowledge Center where it gave tuition to the poor students and provided some useful books to refer. Finally the Group is named "Born to Serve Group," or shortly, BSG.

The fundamental principles speaks up
Self Sustainism - That is to give knowledge and skills they need to improve their lives rather than giving or satisfying their materialistic needs. At BSG, we make an individual stand on his own feet, all the projects that are undertaken {mentorship, career guidance, village library all of them are to assist and to make an individual grow}. As the saying goes: "Teaching people how to fish is better than giving them fish."
Hierarchical Service – The group believes in hierarchical service i.e service once received should be passed on to the siblings. People who get benefited from BSG are required to make a contribution back to the society.
Vision – A well-defined and focused area of working towards the upliftment of the society
In the field of education from 7th to Undergraduate students.
Showing employment opportunities for the seeking, needed and motivated youngsters.
On a personal note we see the reason why an individual should join:
By serving brotherhood – we will get the much needed Satisfaction
By being engaged in the group your social networking, communication and other skill set improves.
If you want to preach, you got to follow -by doing so knowingly or unknowingly you tend to be getting into good practices.

Gajwel Chapter Career Guidance 2018-19
Gajwel Division Career Guidance Schedule


a seperate Funding Report page
We have setup an ambitious agenda for the future ahead and believe that coordinated efforts of all the members will take us through to the achievement of the objectives.
In order to execute projects locally and to support financially, efficient fund raising remains a critical activity for success of the *Born to Serve Group*

Therefore we take this opportunity to chart out the procedure for collection of monthly contributions hereafter. For this we will continue to follow from now onwards, a simple and small principle *Save 1% of your income for Nation *
The money that contributed will be used for
Providing financial aid to meritorious but poor student
Providing books and other needed infrastructure for the students
As a prize money to students who win born to serve competitions
For travelling and other logistics for the volunteers
In further expansions of our services like, setting up village libraries, providing a permanent tutor for students, etc
All the members of the Born to serve are encouraged to follow this principle and make contributions accordingly. The amount of money spent for the events will be published after the day of the event, and the financial data of where we stand will be presented every quarter.Money has enormous value which is not measurable when it is used for a noble cause. I encourage all the members to participate and contribute for this noble cause (Born to Serve). People are encouraged to transfer monthly/quarterly/yearly of any amount startings from 100/- to below account. Mail to any one of Leadership team members for any more queries.
Please add the below account details in your respective net banking accounts:
Name of the Account : BORN TO SERVE GROUP (BSG)
Account Number is : 059805005001
Branch: HYDERABAD - MINDSPACE
IFSC Code: ICIC0000598
Bank: ICICI BANK



Join Us
Membership is open to anyone who wish to meet the objectives of BSG. To join the BSG, please mail
to rajachowdari[at]gmail.com
and
CC to borntoservebsbc[at]gmail.com
with below details:
Full Name
Company/College:
Permanent Address:
Mobile Number:
Email Address:
Why did you like to join BSG:
How did you hear about BSG:
Areas you would like to volunteer like Trainings/Mentoring/Fund Raising/Career Talks/Survey.

**Note: replace [at] with @ in the email id.
Information of Membership:
Any person who has attained above the age of 18 years will be allowed to become a mem...